Tell me the truth.
Does my dad have an illegitimate child out there?
What are you talking about?
It's been 10 years since your mother passed away, and your father hasn't remarried
How can there be an illegitimate child?
Otherwise, how could he do it for a security guard?
Cut ties with me
Your dad got out of the army
rags to riches
Standing on top of today's peak
What he did?
Has his own reason
I don't care if he doesn't recognize me, I don't recognize him
Did you know that your dad has advanced lung cancer?
Time is running out
Pardon me?
Dad, what's the matter with you?
I didn't leave. I have a cold.
My dad
Really have to pay it off
So listen to your dad
Just do what he says
Yeah, him!
Oh, I see.
What the hell is that?
He actually asked me to invite a security guard back in person
And I fired it myself
This security guard also defiled me
What are you doing here?